Improve config for developing with VSCode Remote Containers (#72)
AlignmentResearch/go_attack: README.md

The Dockerfiles contain instructions for how to build them individually. This is useful if you want to test just one of the docker containers.

## VSCode

> A good option for development is to use the [VS Code Dev Containers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) extension with the [Remote - SSH](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/ssh) extension to connect to a container running on a CHAI server. This allows you to edit and rebuild `katago` easily, without rebuilding the image or editing in the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good option for development is to use the [VS Code Dev Containers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) extension with the [Remote - SSH](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/ssh) extension to connect to a container running on a remote server. This allows you to edit and rebuild `katago` easily, without rebuilding the image or editing in the command line.
```
It's a public repo, let's make it friendly to other people trying to repro our project.

1. Click on the `><` button in the bottom left of the screen.
2. Choose `Connect to Host...`

> 3. Connect to `vae.ist.berkeley.edu` or another host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Connect to a host (e.g. `vae.ist.berkeley.edu` if you have access to the CHAI cluster).
```
